Add content for Core Animation (iOS) (#6324)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/ios/content/core-animation@_mRs6ctH0IsSSi-cwV2b8.md

> # Core Animation
> Core Animation is a powerful framework in iOS that allows developers to create rich and interactive animations. It works by compositing layers, each representing a view, and uses hardware acceleration to ensure smooth animations. Core Animation simplifies the process of animating properties such as position, scale, and opacity, providing implicit and explicit animation techniques. It enhances the user interface experience by enabling complex visual effects, transitions, and animations with minimal impact on performance, making it essential for crafting visually appealing iOS applications.
> 
> You can read more about Core Animation from [here](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/quartzcore).

Reviewer: Thank you for the PR. Please follow the contribution guidelines.

```suggestion
# Core Animation

Core Animation is a powerful framework in iOS that allows developers to create rich and interactive animations. It works by compositing layers, each representing a view, and uses hardware acceleration to ensure smooth animations. Core Animation simplifies the process of animating properties such as position, scale, and opacity, providing implicit and explicit animation techniques. It enhances the user interface experience by enabling complex visual effects, transitions, and animations with minimal impact on performance, making it essential for crafting visually appealing iOS applications.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@Core Animation Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/quartzcore)
```
